README.md, before:

# QuickEx

<img width="1024" height="1024" alt="quickex no-bg (1)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/551fc54f-72ed-4fa9-9b8d-5516d8457ca8" />

QuickEx is a fast, privacy-focused payment link platform built on the Stellar blockchain. It enables users to create unique, shareable usernames (e.g., `quickex.to/yourname`) and generate instant payment requests for USDC, XLM, or any Stellar asset. Payments can be received via QR code or direct wallet integration—no apps required—leveraging Stellar's sub-second settlements and optional X-Ray privacy for shielded transactions (mainnet now live). With low fees (<0.01¢), it's designed for instant, borderless transfers.

This tool is ideal for freelancers invoicing clients, creators accepting tips, individuals handling remittances, or anyone facilitating global P2P payments. Whether you're a solo developer sharing a quick link for a gig or a small business streamlining donations, QuickEx prioritises simplicity, self-custody, and security without intermediaries.

## Features

### Core
- **Unique Username Links**: Claim a permanent `quickex.to/yourname` for easy sharing.
- **One-Click Link Generator**: Specify amount, memo, and privacy settings to create links like `quickex.to/yourname/50`.
- **QR Code & Wallet Integration**: Auto-opens Freighter or Lobstr for seamless payments.
- **Real-Time Dashboard**: Tracks earnings, history, and totals via Horizon API.

### Privacy & Security
- **X-Ray Privacy Toggle**: Uses ZK proofs to hide amounts/senders (testnet ready; mainnet live since January 22, 2026).
- **Scam Alerts**: Flags suspicious links (e.g., no memo or unusual patterns).
- **Self-Custody**: Funds route directly to your wallet—no central holding.

### Advanced (v2+)
- Multi-asset support with auto-swap.
- Recurring/subscription links.
- Fiat on/off-ramps (MoneyGram, Banxa).
- Notifications (email/Telegram).

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: Next.js 15, Tailwind CSS, Vercel hosting.
- **Backend**: Next.js API routes (or dedicated Node.js/Express), Supabase (usernames), Horizon API (transactions).
- **Mobile**: React Native (for iOS/Android apps).
- **Blockchain**: Stellar SDK, Soroban (Rust contracts for privacy/escrow).
- **Wallet**: Freighter/Lobstr via WalletConnect.
- **Monorepo**: TurboRepo for shared packages (UI components, Stellar utils).

## Repository Structure
QuickEx uses a monorepo for efficient development across apps and shared libraries. The structure features an `app/` parent folder containing the core application directories (frontend, backend, mobile, contract), with shared packages for reusability. This setup allows for streamlined builds, testing, and dependency management via TurboRepo.

```
quickex/
├── app/
│   ├── frontend/          # Next.js app (web dashboard and link generator)
│   ├── backend/           # API server (Node.js/Express or Next.js API routes; handles usernames, transactions)
│   ├── mobile/            # React Native app (iOS/Android for on-the-go payments)
│   └── contract/          # Soroban Rust contracts (privacy/escrow logic)
├── packages/
│   ├── ui/                # Shared Tailwind components
│   └── stellar-sdk/       # Stellar utils (Horizon queries, wallet connect)
├── turbo.json             # Build/dev pipelines (configured for app/ subfolders)
└── pnpm-workspace.yaml    # Workspace config (includes app/* and packages/*)
```



## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
Before getting started, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js 18+ ([nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org)).
- pnpm (for monorepo management; install via `npm install -g pnpm`).
- A Stellar wallet (Freighter recommended; download from [freighter.app](https://freighter.app)).
- Supabase account (free tier; sign up at [supabase.com](https://supabase.com)).
- Git (for cloning).
- Rust toolchain (for contracts; install via [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs)).
- React Native CLI (for mobile; see [reactnative.dev](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)).

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/pulsefy/QuickEx.git
   cd QuickEx
   ```

2. Install dependencies across the monorepo:
   ```
   pnpm install
   ```

### Environment Setup
1. Create a Supabase project and retrieve your `SUPABASE_URL` and `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` from the dashboard.
2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` in the root directory and populate it:
   ```
   SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
   SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   NEXT_PUBLIC_STELLAR_NETWORK=testnet  # Use 'mainnet' for production
   ```
3. Configure the Stellar network:
   - **Development**: Defaults to testnet; fund your wallet at [laboratory.stellar.org](https://laboratory.stellar.org).
   - **Production**: Set to `mainnet` in `.env.local` and ensure your wallet holds real assets.
4. For contracts: Add environment variables to `app/contract/.env` (e.g., `STELLAR_NETWORK=testnet`).
5. For mobile: After installation, navigate to `app/mobile` and run `npx pod-install` (iOS) or configure the Android SDK.

### Running Locally
1. Launch all services using TurboRepo:
   ```
   pnpm turbo run dev
   ```
   This starts the frontend (`app/frontend`), backend (`app/backend`), and prepares contracts/mobile.
2. Access the web app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
3. For the mobile app:
   ```
   cd app/mobile && npx react-native run-ios  # or run-android
   ```
4. For contracts (testing/deploying):
   ```
   cd app/contract && cargo test  # Run unit tests
   # Deploy to testnet: Use Soroban CLI as per Soroban docs
   ```

Connect your wallet in the app to claim a username and test features.

### Testing
Run tests to validate code quality and functionality:
1. Lint and type-check the entire monorepo:
   ```
   pnpm turbo run lint
   pnpm turbo run type-check
   ```
2. Execute end-to-end tests (Playwright for frontend, Jest for others):
   ```
   pnpm turbo run test:e2e
   ```
   Tests require a testnet wallet; detailed setup is in [TESTING.md](TESTING.md).
3. Mobile-specific tests:
   ```
   cd app/mobile && npm test
   ```

### Deployment
Deployment is automated for most components, but requires platform-specific configuration:

1. **Frontend and Backend (Vercel)**:
   - Connect the GitHub repository to Vercel via the dashboard.
   - Add environment variables from `.env.local` (e.g., Supabase keys, Stellar network).
   - Pushes to `main` trigger auto-deploys. Set a custom domain in the Vercel project settings.

2. **Mobile (Expo)**:
   - Install Expo CLI if needed: `npm install -g @expo/cli`.
   - From `app/mobile`: `expo publish` for over-the-air updates, or build via `expo build:ios` / `expo build:android`.
   - Use Expo's dashboard to manage credentials and submissions to app stores.

3. **Contracts (Soroban)**:
   - Build and deploy via CI/CD (e.g., GitHub Actions in `app/contract`).
   - For testnet: `cd app/contract && soroban contract deploy --network testnet`.
   - For mainnet: Update network config and deploy similarly, ensuring WASM optimization.

For production readiness, always verify `NEXT_PUBLIC_STELLAR_NETWORK=mainnet` and conduct thorough testing. See [DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md) for advanced configurations like CI/CD pipelines.

## Usage
1. **Claim Username**: Connect your wallet in the app, select a name, and confirm the on-chain transaction.
2. **Generate Link**: In the dashboard, input amount, memo, and privacy options, then copy the generated link or QR code.
3. **Receive Payment**: Share the link; the payer clicks or scans to send funds directly to your wallet.
4. **Enable Privacy**: Toggle X-Ray mode to shield transactions (deploys Rust contract on mainnet).

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome and encouraged to help evolve QuickEx! To get started:

- **Report Issues**: Use GitHub Issues for bugs or feature requests. Include reproduction steps, environment details, and screenshots where possible.
- **Propose Features**: Start a Discussion thread to align on ideas before coding.
- **Submit Pull Requests**:
  1. Fork the repository and create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature`.
  2. Implement changes, ensuring they pass linting and tests.
  3. Commit with clear messages (e.g., "feat: add multi-asset swap support").
  4. Push and open a PR against `main`. Reference any related issues.
- **Monorepo Best Practices**:
  - Use `pnpm turbo run build` to validate changes across packages.
  - Update shared packages (`packages/ui` or `packages/stellar-sdk`) only when needed, and bump versions.
  - Run `pnpm turbo run lint --filter=...` for targeted checks (e.g., `--filter=app/frontend`).

All contributors must adhere to the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and sign off commits for DCO compliance. For more, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Support & Community
- Join the [QuickEx Discord](https://discord.gg/wNQQEcSsq) for real-time help, discussions, and updates.
- Have questions? Open an issue or DM @pulsefy.

Built with ❤️ by Pulsefy. Powered by Stellar. 🚀

Commit message:

Add Stellar network and asset configuration
- Updated README.md to include backend Stellar network setup and asset management instructions.
- Added .env.example entry for STELLAR_NETWORK.
- Enhanced CONTRIBUTING.md with guidelines for Stellar assets and network configuration.
- Introduced stellar.config.ts for managing Stellar network and asset validation.
- Implemented HorizonService and LinkService for Stellar integration.
- Created tests for asset validation and network resolution in stellar.config.spec.ts.

README.md, after:

# QuickEx

<img width="1024" height="1024" alt="quickex no-bg (1)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/551fc54f-72ed-4fa9-9b8d-5516d8457ca8" />

QuickEx is a fast, privacy-focused payment link platform built on the Stellar blockchain. It enables users to create unique, shareable usernames (e.g., `quickex.to/yourname`) and generate instant payment requests for USDC, XLM, or any Stellar asset. Payments can be received via QR code or direct wallet integration—no apps required—leveraging Stellar's sub-second settlements and optional X-Ray privacy for shielded transactions (mainnet now live). With low fees (<0.01¢), it's designed for instant, borderless transfers.

This tool is ideal for freelancers invoicing clients, creators accepting tips, individuals handling remittances, or anyone facilitating global P2P payments. Whether you're a solo developer sharing a quick link for a gig or a small business streamlining donations, QuickEx prioritises simplicity, self-custody, and security without intermediaries.

## Features

### Core
- **Unique Username Links**: Claim a permanent `quickex.to/yourname` for easy sharing.
- **One-Click Link Generator**: Specify amount, memo, and privacy settings to create links like `quickex.to/yourname/50`.
- **QR Code & Wallet Integration**: Auto-opens Freighter or Lobstr for seamless payments.
- **Real-Time Dashboard**: Tracks earnings, history, and totals via Horizon API.

### Privacy & Security
- **X-Ray Privacy Toggle**: Uses ZK proofs to hide amounts/senders (testnet ready; mainnet live since January 22, 2026).
- **Scam Alerts**: Flags suspicious links (e.g., no memo or unusual patterns).
- **Self-Custody**: Funds route directly to your wallet—no central holding.

### Advanced (v2+)
- Multi-asset support with auto-swap.
- Recurring/subscription links.
- Fiat on/off-ramps (MoneyGram, Banxa).
- Notifications (email/Telegram).

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend**: Next.js 15, Tailwind CSS, Vercel hosting.
- **Backend**: Next.js API routes (or dedicated Node.js/Express), Supabase (usernames), Horizon API (transactions).
- **Mobile**: React Native (for iOS/Android apps).
- **Blockchain**: Stellar SDK, Soroban (Rust contracts for privacy/escrow).
- **Wallet**: Freighter/Lobstr via WalletConnect.
- **Monorepo**: TurboRepo for shared packages (UI components, Stellar utils).

## Repository Structure
QuickEx uses a monorepo for efficient development across apps and shared libraries. The structure features an `app/` parent folder containing the core application directories (frontend, backend, mobile, contract), with shared packages for reusability. This setup allows for streamlined builds, testing, and dependency management via TurboRepo.

```
quickex/
├── app/
│   ├── frontend/          # Next.js app (web dashboard and link generator)
│   ├── backend/           # API server (Node.js/Express or Next.js API routes; handles usernames, transactions)
│   ├── mobile/            # React Native app (iOS/Android for on-the-go payments)
│   └── contract/          # Soroban Rust contracts (privacy/escrow logic)
├── packages/
│   ├── ui/                # Shared Tailwind components
│   └── stellar-sdk/       # Stellar utils (Horizon queries, wallet connect)
├── turbo.json             # Build/dev pipelines (configured for app/ subfolders)
└── pnpm-workspace.yaml    # Workspace config (includes app/* and packages/*)
```



## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
Before getting started, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js 18+ ([nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org)).
- pnpm (for monorepo management; install via `npm install -g pnpm`).
- A Stellar wallet (Freighter recommended; download from [freighter.app](https://freighter.app)).
- Supabase account (free tier; sign up at [supabase.com](https://supabase.com)).
- Git (for cloning).
- Rust toolchain (for contracts; install via [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs)).
- React Native CLI (for mobile; see [reactnative.dev](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)).

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/pulsefy/QuickEx.git
   cd QuickEx
   ```

2. Install dependencies across the monorepo:
   ```
   pnpm install
   ```

### Environment Setup
1. Create a Supabase project and retrieve your `SUPABASE_URL` and `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` from the dashboard.
2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` in the root directory and populate it:
   ```
   SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
   SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   NEXT_PUBLIC_STELLAR_NETWORK=testnet  # Use 'mainnet' for production
   ```
3. Configure the Stellar network:
   - **Development**: Defaults to testnet; fund your wallet at [laboratory.stellar.org](https://laboratory.stellar.org).
   - **Production**: Set to `mainnet` in `.env.local` and ensure your wallet holds real assets.
4. Backend (NestJS): create `app/backend/.env` and set `STELLAR_NETWORK` (default `testnet`).
   Example:
   ```
   STELLAR_NETWORK=testnet
   ```
   Allowed values: `testnet`, `mainnet` (default `testnet`).
   Supported assets are defined in `app/backend/src/config/stellar.config.ts` under `SUPPORTED_ASSETS`.
   To add a new asset, add a native or issued entry to `SUPPORTED_ASSETS`.
5. For contracts: Add environment variables to `app/contract/.env` (e.g., `STELLAR_NETWORK=testnet`).
6. For mobile: After installation, navigate to `app/mobile` and run `npx pod-install` (iOS) or configure the Android SDK.

### Running Locally
1. Launch all services using TurboRepo:
   ```
   pnpm turbo run dev
   ```
   This starts the frontend (`app/frontend`), backend (`app/backend`), and prepares contracts/mobile.
2. Access the web app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).
3. For the mobile app:
   ```
   cd app/mobile && npx react-native run-ios  # or run-android
   ```
4. For contracts (testing/deploying):
   ```
   cd app/contract && cargo test  # Run unit tests
   # Deploy to testnet: Use Soroban CLI as per Soroban docs
   ```

Connect your wallet in the app to claim a username and test features.

### Testing
Run tests to validate code quality and functionality:
1. Lint and type-check the entire monorepo:
   ```
   pnpm turbo run lint
   pnpm turbo run type-check
   ```
2. Execute end-to-end tests (Playwright for frontend, Jest for others):
   ```
   pnpm turbo run test:e2e
   ```
   Tests require a testnet wallet; detailed setup is in [TESTING.md](TESTING.md).
3. Mobile-specific tests:
   ```
   cd app/mobile && npm test
   ```

### Deployment
Deployment is automated for most components, but requires platform-specific configuration:

1. **Frontend and Backend (Vercel)**:
   - Connect the GitHub repository to Vercel via the dashboard.
   - Add environment variables from `.env.local` (e.g., Supabase keys, Stellar network).
   - Pushes to `main` trigger auto-deploys. Set a custom domain in the Vercel project settings.

2. **Mobile (Expo)**:
   - Install Expo CLI if needed: `npm install -g @expo/cli`.
   - From `app/mobile`: `expo publish` for over-the-air updates, or build via `expo build:ios` / `expo build:android`.
   - Use Expo's dashboard to manage credentials and submissions to app stores.

3. **Contracts (Soroban)**:
   - Build and deploy via CI/CD (e.g., GitHub Actions in `app/contract`).
   - For testnet: `cd app/contract && soroban contract deploy --network testnet`.
   - For mainnet: Update network config and deploy similarly, ensuring WASM optimization.

For production readiness, always verify `NEXT_PUBLIC_STELLAR_NETWORK=mainnet` and conduct thorough testing. See [DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md) for advanced configurations like CI/CD pipelines.

## Usage
1. **Claim Username**: Connect your wallet in the app, select a name, and confirm the on-chain transaction.
2. **Generate Link**: In the dashboard, input amount, memo, and privacy options, then copy the generated link or QR code.
3. **Receive Payment**: Share the link; the payer clicks or scans to send funds directly to your wallet.
4. **Enable Privacy**: Toggle X-Ray mode to shield transactions (deploys Rust contract on mainnet).

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome and encouraged to help evolve QuickEx! To get started:

- **Report Issues**: Use GitHub Issues for bugs or feature requests. Include reproduction steps, environment details, and screenshots where possible.
- **Propose Features**: Start a Discussion thread to align on ideas before coding.
- **Submit Pull Requests**:
  1. Fork the repository and create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature`.
  2. Implement changes, ensuring they pass linting and tests.
  3. Commit with clear messages (e.g., "feat: add multi-asset swap support").
  4. Push and open a PR against `main`. Reference any related issues.
- **Monorepo Best Practices**:
  - Use `pnpm turbo run build` to validate changes across packages.
  - Update shared packages (`packages/ui` or `packages/stellar-sdk`) only when needed, and bump versions.
  - Run `pnpm turbo run lint --filter=...` for targeted checks (e.g., `--filter=app/frontend`).

All contributors must adhere to the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and sign off commits for DCO compliance. For more, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Support & Community
- Join the [QuickEx Discord](https://discord.gg/wNQQEcSsq) for real-time help, discussions, and updates.
- Have questions? Open an issue or DM @pulsefy.

Built with ❤️ by Pulsefy. Powered by Stellar. 🚀
